A summer's catch for a toad= 10,000 insects
Male Emperor Penguins survive 2 months without any food to protect and warm a single egg
Roman coins have been dug up in America suggesting that perhaps the Vikings of Columbus weren't the first Europeans here
The first food grown in outer space was potatoes in 1995 aboard the space shuttle columbia
French was the official language of England for over 600 years
Dandelion root can be roasted and ground as a coffee substitute
Clinaphobia is the fear of going to bed
Lemon sharks grow a new set of teeth every week
50% of pizzas in North America are sold with pepperoni on them
The average person speaks about 5,000 words a day
A giant squid's eye is as big as a basketball
Ice Hockey was first played by British soldiers stationed in Canada
Honey is the only food that doesn't spoil
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliiophobia is the fear of long words
Gelatin (the stuff in jello and jelly) is made from animal's hides and bones
When your stomach rumbles or growls it is "wambling"
The average bed is home to over 5 billion dust mites
Ancient Rome was the very first city to reach a population of one million
A stalk of celery has "negative calories" digesting it takes more energy than it provides
Logizomechanophobia is the fear of computers
The Mona Lisa has no eyebrows
Lubberwort is food of no nutritional value; junk food
Snow leopards cannot roar
Tug-of-war was an official olympic event until 1920
Seaweed can be used to thicken icecream
The word clip means both "fasten" and the very opposite "detach"
Female Grizzly Bears sleep through giving birth during hibernation
The Continent of Antarctica wasn't discovered until 1820
Women end up ingesting most of the lipstick they apply
A group of crows is know as a "murder" of crows
Toilet paper was first marketed in the US in the 1880s
People who have eaten ants say they taste like salt and vinegar chips
The hole in your shirt that you put your arm through is an "armsaye"
Queen Honeybees will lay up to 3,000 eggs a day
The US supreme court ruled the difference between fruits and vegetables in 1893
It is said to be impossible to lick your elbow (and over 75% of people who read this will try to lick their elbow)

President Kennedy was the fastest random speaker in the world with upwards of 350 words per minute.
In the average lifetime, a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator.
Odontophobia is the fear of teeth.
The 57 on Heinz ketchup bottles represents the number of varieties of pickles the company once had.
In the early days of the telephone, operators would pick up a call and use the phrase, "Well, are you there?". It wasn't until 1895 that someone suggested answering the phone with the phrase "number please?"
The surface area of an average-sized brick is 79 cm squared.
According to suicide statistics, Monday is the favored day for self-destruction.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
It is believed that Shakespeare was 46 around the time that the King James Version of the Bible was written. In Psalms 46, the 46th word from the first word is shake and the 46th word from the last word is spear.
Karoke means "empty orchestra" in Japanese.
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every five must be straight. These straight sections are usable as airstrips in times of war or other emergencies.
The first known contraceptive was crocodile dung, used by Egyptians in 2000 B.C.
Rhode Island is the smallest state with the longest name. The official name, used on all state documents, is "Rhode Island and Providence Plantations."
When you die your hair still grows for a couple of months.
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
Isaac Asimov is the only author to have a book in every Dewey-decimal category.
The newspaper serving Frostbite Falls, Minnesota, the home of Rocky and Bullwinkle, is the Picayune Intellegence.
It would take 11 Empire State Buildings, stacked one on top of the other, to measure the Gulf of Mexico at its deepest point.
The most money ever paid for a cow in an auction was $1.3 million.
The Neanderthal's brain was bigger than yours is.
On the new hundred dollar bill the time on the clock tower of Independence Hall is 4:10.
Each of the suits on a deck of cards represents the four major pillars of the economy in the middle ages: heart represented the Church, spades represented the military, clubs represented agriculture, and diamonds represented the merchant class.
The names of the two stone lions in front of the New York Public Library are Patience and Fortitude. They were named by then-mayor Fiorello LaGuardia.
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building.
The sound of E.T. walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly.
The pancreas produces Insulin.
1 in 5,000 north Atlantic lobsters are born bright blue.
There are 10 human body parts that are only 3 letters long (eye hip arm leg ear toe jaw rib lip gum).
A skunk's smell can be detected by a human a mile away.
The word "lethologica" describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want.
The king of hearts is the only king without a moustache.
Henry Ford produced the model T only in black because the black paint available at the time was the fastest to dry.
Mario, of Super Mario Bros. fame, appeared in the 1981 arcade game, Donkey Kong. His original name was Jumpman, but was changed to Mario to honor the Nintendo of America's landlord, Mario Segali.
The three best-known western names in China: Jesus Christ, Richard Nixon, and Elvis Presley.
Every year about 98% of the atoms in your body are replaced.
Elephants are the only mammals that can't jump.
The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672.
World Tourist day is observed on September 27.
Women are 37% more likely to go to a psychiatrist than men are.
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30 feet (9 m).
Diet Coke was only invented in 1982.
There are more than 1,700 references to gems and precious stones in the King James translation of the Bible.
When snakes are born with two heads, they fight each other for food.
American car horns beep in the tone of F.
0.99999999... == 1 (really)
900 World War II vetrans die each day
